Query: What are the results of remdesivir trials for the treatment of COVID-19? 

Result # 1: cord-uid sdi3tat8Title: 
 Remdesivir for the treatment of COVID-19 in pregnancyAbstract: 
nan
Result # 2: cord-uid te3t1t4bTitle: 
 Correction: Should Remdesivir Be Used for the Treatment of Patients With COVID-19?Abstract: 
nan
Result # 3: cord-uid t99vaz11Title: 
 Correction: Should Remdesivir Be Used for the Treatment of Patients With COVID-19?Abstract: 
nan
Result # 4: cord-uid e6ib08ifTitle: 
 Remdesivir as a broad-spectrum antiviral drug against COVID-19Abstract: 
OBJECTIVE: List the clinical data of the role of remdesivir in COVID-19, and try to make an objective evaluation and analyze its feasibility. MATERIALS AND METHODS: The keywords of "remdesivir", "COVID-19" and "SARS-CoV-2" were systematically searched in PubMed and Web of Science. After removing the repetitions, we summarize articles, letters, and comments on remdesivir in the treatment of COVID-19. RESULTS: In this review, we summarize clinical case of using remdesivir in the treatment of COVID-19, analyzed the final treatment results, and judged whether the drug was effective for the treatment of COVID-19. Also, attention was paid to the side effects of the drug. CONCLUSIONS: According to the clinical results, it was found that remdesivir was effective in the treatment of COVID-19. The drug has side effects, but the symptoms were mild and disappeared immediately after discontinuation of medication.
Result # 5: cord-uid nuo70w91Title: 
 Remdesivir as a broad-spectrum antiviral drug against COVID-19.Abstract: 
OBJECTIVE List the clinical data of the role of remdesivir in COVID-19, and try to make an objective evaluation and analyze its feasibility. MATERIALS AND METHODS The keywords of "remdesivir", "COVID-19" and "SARS-CoV-2" were systematically searched in PubMed and Web of Science. After removing the repetitions, we summarize articles, letters, and comments on remdesivir in the treatment of COVID-19. RESULTS In this review, we summarize clinical case of using remdesivir in the treatment of COVID-19, analyzed the final treatment results, and judged whether the drug was effective for the treatment of COVID-19. Also, attention was paid to the side effects of the drug. CONCLUSIONS According to the clinical results, it was found that remdesivir was effective in the treatment of COVID-19. The drug has side effects, but the symptoms were mild and disappeared immediately after discontinuation of medication.
