Query: Do school-age children (ages 6-12) who wear n95 masks to school versus wearing surgical masks to school have a reduced risk of contracting COVID-19? 

Result # 1: cord-uid g4qvl1t4Title: 
 Youth Mask-Wearing and Social-Distancing Behavior at In-Person High School Graduations During the COVID-19 Pandemic.Abstract: 
PURPOSE Reopening schools during the COVID-19 pandemic is a challenging policy issue that requires mitigation strategies, such as mask-wearing and social distancing. Whether youth will conform to these strategies is unclear. METHODS We leverage data on 1,152 youth's mask-wearing and social-distancing behaviors from observations of five in-person live-streamed high school graduations from one U.S. public school district in July 2020. Multiple researchers took ethnographic field notes and systematically recorded public health behaviors for each graduation. We also use data from the local public health department, school district, newspapers, community observations, and the National Center for Education Statistics. We then conducted a descriptive quantitative analysis of mask-wearing status by gender, ethnicity, and school, along with a qualitative thematic analysis. RESULTS Nearly 70% of students wore their masks properly while receiving their diploma, although 9.6% wore no mask and 18.7% struggled with mask fit. Almost all students removed masks for graduation photos after adults suggested they should, although 80% of them were wearing their mask properly before the photo. We found significant school variation, but no gender or ethnic variation in student mask-wearing. School variation aligned with political themes of student speeches and in adult commitment to safety measures. Student speakers at all schools mentioned altruistic concern about COVID-19. All schools struggled with social distancing throughout the ceremony, except when students were seated in socially distanced chairs. CONCLUSIONS This study provides important insights into youth conformity to COVID-19 guidelines and strategies to protect public health during in-person schooling.
Result # 2: cord-uid 26fs7w4sTitle: 
 Youth Mask-Wearing and Social-Distancing Behavior at In-Person High School Graduations During the COVID-19 PandemicAbstract: 
PURPOSE: Reopening schools during the COVID-19 pandemic is a challenging policy issue that requires mitigation strategies, such as mask-wearing and social distancing. Whether youth will conform to these strategies is unclear. METHODS: We leverage data on 1,152 youth's mask-wearing and social-distancing behaviors from observations of five in-person live-streamed high school graduations from one U.S. public school district in July 2020. Multiple researchers took ethnographic field notes and systematically recorded public health behaviors for each graduation. We also use data from the local public health department, school district, newspapers, community observations, and the National Center for Education Statistics. We then conducted a descriptive quantitative analysis of mask-wearing status by gender, ethnicity, and school, along with a qualitative thematic analysis. RESULTS: Nearly 70% of students wore their masks properly while receiving their diploma, although 9.6% wore no mask and 18.7% struggled with mask fit. Almost all students removed masks for graduation photos after adults suggested they should, although 80% of them were wearing their mask properly before the photo. We found significant school variation, but no gender or ethnic variation in student mask-wearing. School variation aligned with political themes of student speeches and in adult commitment to safety measures. Student speakers at all schools mentioned altruistic concern about COVID-19. All schools struggled with social distancing throughout the ceremony, except when students were seated in socially distanced chairs. CONCLUSIONS: This study provides important insights into youth conformity to COVID-19 guidelines and strategies to protect public health during in-person schooling.
Result # 3: cord-uid 8ct59d66Title: 
 School opening during the SARS-CoV-2 pandemic: Public acceptance of wearing fabric masks in classAbstract: 
Objectives Policy decisions regarding mask wearing in schools in times of the SARS-CoV-2 pandemic will likely be made despite a lack of scientific data Public acceptance is therefore an important indicator to inform the communication activities that accompany the introduction of a new policy The goal was to assess acceptance and relevant target groups for communication activities Study design Cross-sectional online survey embedded in the regular German COVID-19 monitoring Methods Besides sociodemographic information, trust in institutions, knowledge about COVID-19 and protective behaviors, as well as risk perceptions, we assessed public acceptance of school-related mask policies of parents and non-parents (total N = 957) Results In the absence of mandatory mask policies in schools in Germany in August 2020, the general agreement with mask wearing in school was low Those living in bigger cities or communities – where class sizes are usually larger – agreed more with mask wearing in class;those who felt a greater risk, had greater trust in institutions, or felt higher self-efficacy in fighting the outbreak also wanted children to wear a mask in class Women were more likely than men to disagree with mask wearing in class Agreement was highest that policies should uniformly apply for all institutions within a state/province and should not be regulated at the school level or federal/country level Conclusions Implementing mask policies in school will require intense communication Acceptance of these policies from teachers and pupils should be considered as well Women seem to be an important target group as they supported mask wearing in class less than men Women’s roles in controlling infectious diseases in school should therefore receive special attention and support
Result # 4: cord-uid hqhrhoniTitle: 
 School opening during the SARS-CoV-2 pandemic: Public acceptance of wearing fabric masks in classAbstract: 
OBJECTIVES: Policy decisions regarding mask wearing in schools in times of the SARS-CoV-2 pandemic will likely be made despite a lack of scientific data. Public acceptance is therefore an important indicator to inform the communication activities that accompany the introduction of a new policy. The goal was to assess acceptance and relevant target groups for communication activities. STUDY DESIGN: Cross-sectional online survey embedded in the regular German COVID-19 monitoring. METHODS: Besides sociodemographic information, trust in institutions, knowledge about COVID-19 and protective behaviors, as well as risk perceptions, we assessed public acceptance of school-related mask policies of parents and non-parents (total N ​= ​957). RESULTS: In the absence of mandatory mask policies in schools in Germany in August 2020, the general agreement with mask wearing in school was low. Those living in bigger cities or communities – where class sizes are usually larger – agreed more with mask wearing in class; those who felt a greater risk, had greater trust in institutions, or felt higher self-efficacy in fighting the outbreak also wanted children to wear a mask in class. Women were more likely than men to disagree with mask wearing in class. Agreement was highest that policies should uniformly apply for all institutions within a state/province and should not be regulated at the school level or federal/country level. CONCLUSIONS: Implementing mask policies in school will require intense communication. Acceptance of these policies from teachers and pupils should be considered as well. Women seem to be an important target group as they supported mask wearing in class less than men. Women’s roles in controlling infectious diseases in school should therefore receive special attention and support.
Result # 5: cord-uid 2kcyoglgTitle: 
 Study on Factors of People's Wearing Masks Based on Two Online Surveys: Cross-Sectional Evidence from ChinaAbstract: 
(1) Background: To analyze factors of people's wearing masks based on two online surveys, and to explore whether living area factor or quarantine status could have an impact on mask-wearing. (2) Methods: Chi-square test and logistic regression analysis were used to explore the influence of different factors on people's behavior of mask-wearing in the present study. R3.6.2 was used for data cleaning, SPSS 26.0 was used to conduct corresponding statistical analysis, and a two-sided p-value less than 0.05 was considered to be statistically significant. (3) Results: According to our study, the proportion of participants who wore face masks was higher than 90.0% in both surveys. Single factor analysis showed that the proportion of people wearing face masks raised with the increase of people's education, age, and monthly income (Yuan) in both surveys. People who lived in rural areas were less likely to wear masks. Mask-wearing rate was lower in the isolated individuals than in the non-isolated ones. (4) Conclusions: Masks-wearing is one of the effective measures for COVID-19 pandemic prevention and control. After the Chinese government made wearing face masks mandatory in public places, most residents in China had developed the habit of wearing masks, contributing to the high rate of masks-wearing in China. However, people in rural areas need to raise their awareness of wearing masks. Meanwhile, the mask-wearing of the isolated individuals needs to be enhanced.
