Query: What are the genetic and immunologic underpinnings of severe COVID-19? 

Result # 1: cord-uid 6tl5nrs6Title: 
 Genetic risks and association with severe COVID-19 among global populationsAbstract: 
nan
Result # 2: cord-uid 0ounu8iiTitle: 
 Genetic risks and association with severe COVID-19 among global populations.Abstract: 
nan
Result # 3: cord-uid i7tqh95gTitle: 
 Experiences of telemedicine in genetic practices during the COVID-19 pandemicAbstract: 
nan
Result # 4: cord-uid zihs6ogaTitle: 
 Barriers and Facilitators to Genetic Service Delivery Models: Scoping ReviewAbstract: 
BACKGROUND: Advances in diagnostics testing and treatment of genetic conditions have led to increased demand for genetic services in the United States. At the same time, there is a shortage of genetic services professionals. Thus, understanding the models of service delivery currently in use can help increase access and improve outcomes for individuals identified with genetic conditions. OBJECTIVE: This review aims to provide an overview of barriers and facilitators to genetic service delivery models to inform future service delivery. METHODS: We conducted a scoping literature review of the evidence to more fully understand barriers and facilitators around the provision of genetic services. RESULTS: There were a number of challenges identified, including the limited number of genetics specialists, wait time for appointments, delivery of services by nongenetics providers, reimbursement, and licensure. The ways to address these challenges include the use of health information technology such as telehealth, group genetic counseling, provider-to-provider education, partnership models, and training; expanding genetic provider types; and embedding genetic counselors in clinical settings. CONCLUSIONS: The literature review highlighted the need to expand access to genetic services. Ways to expand services include telehealth, technical assistance, and changing staffing models. In addition, using technology to improve knowledge among related professionals can help expand access.
Result # 5: cord-uid x9co31v3Title: 
 Genetic clues for predisposition to severe diseaseAbstract: 
nan
