Query: Is there any scientific evidence that any of the alternative remedies can prevent or cure COVID-19? 

Result # 1: cord-uid ula2xja1Title: 
 "Can nature heal and be a possible remedy for the management of Covid- 19?"Abstract: 
The Covid-19 pandemic has become a major challenge for health care professionals and researchers all over the world. The discovery and development of new drugs require time for passing the quality, safety, and efficacy criteria. Hence the only available option is to rely on herbal or natural remedies as well as other existing ones. Nature has its healing power and has the remedy for all the ailments from which life on earth is struggling. For this pandemic situation also, nature should have created a remedy but finding a loophole is in the hands of our researchers. In this hypothesis, a novel combination strategy is introduced with the existing drugs such as hydroxychloroquine and flavonoid in a volatile liquid-based Nanoformulation incorporated into an inhaler as a possible remedy for the management of coronavirus infection. The synergistic activity of this combination shall pave the way for an effective therapeutic strategy for the treatment of COVID- 19 symptoms.
Result # 2: cord-uid hp50p5fiTitle: 
 Can nature heal and be a possible remedy for the management of Covid- 19?Abstract: 
The Covid-19 pandemic has become a major challenge for health care professionals and researchers all over the world The discovery and development of new drugs require time for passing the quality, safety, and efficacy criteria Hence the only available option is to rely on herbal or natural remedies as well as other existing ones Nature has its healing power and has the remedy for all the ailments from which life on earth is struggling For this pandemic situation also, nature should have created a remedy but finding a loophole is in the hands of our researchers In this hypothesis, a novel combination strategy is introduced with the existing drugs such as hydroxychloroquine and flavonoid in a volatile liquid-based Nanoformulation incorporated into an inhaler as a possible remedy for the management of coronavirus infection The synergistic activity of this combination shall pave the way for an effective therapeutic strategy for the treatment of COVID- 19 symptoms
Result # 3: cord-uid vlzbotz9Title: 
 Who Gets Cured? COVID-19 and Developing a Critical Medical Sociology and Anthropology of CureAbstract: 
nan
Result # 4: cord-uid lsu74qunTitle: 
 Who Gets Cured? COVID-19 and Developing a Critical Medical Sociology and Anthropology of CureAbstract: 
nan
Result # 5: cord-uid rlbz9bupTitle: 
 The role of higher education in a post-COVID-19 worldAbstract: 
By the time this article is published and read, vaccines and therapeutic remedies should have become available to alleviate the worst of the pandemic But while scientists have been successful in finding a cure for this virus, there is no vaccination for the economic, political, and societal upheaval caused by COVID-19
