Query: If I donate plasma, could I reduce my own immunity to COVID-19? 

Result # 1: cord-uid btoeqlouTitle: 
 Blood donation in times of crisis: Early insight into the impact of COVID-19 on blood donors and their motivation to donate across European countries.Abstract: 
BACKGROUND In this survey, we aimed to provide early insight into the impact of COVID-19 on blood donors and their motivation to donate during the crisis. STUDY DESIGN AND METHODS We asked representative samples in 7 European countries (Denmark, France, Germany, Italy, Portugal, the Netherlands and the UK) about their blood donation activity and motivation to donate using an online survey. We analysed donor turnout during the COVID-19 period descriptively and using logistic regression. RESULTS Of the 7122 people that responded to the survey, 1205 (16·9%) blood donors were identified, with 33·8% donating during the first 4-5 months of the COVID-19 period. We observed that around half of donors donated less than normal. The vast majority of donors that did donate made a special effort to do so in response to COVID-19. The majority of donors were also not aware of their blood being tested for COVID-19 antibodies. Although the perceived risk of infection among all respondents whilst donating blood was relatively low, those who anticipated a high risk of infection were much less likely to donate (OR = 0·540; P-value = 0·006). Furthermore, those that were adherent to COVID guidelines were also less likely to donate (OR = 0·583; P-value = 0·000). DISCUSSION We suggest that blood collection services consider specialist campaigns that focus on the altruistic motivation of donors during the crisis and that they continue to communicate the additional safety measures in place with the aim of reducing the fear of infection whilst donating blood.
Result # 2: cord-uid 2k0zgbfrTitle: 
 Blood donation in times of crisis: Early insight into the impact of COVID-19 on blood donors and their motivation to donate across European countriesAbstract: 
BACKGROUND: In this survey, we aimed to provide early insight into the impact of COVID-19 on blood donors and their motivation to donate during the crisis. STUDY DESIGN AND METHODS: We asked representative samples in 7 European countries (Denmark, France, Germany, Italy, Portugal, the Netherlands and the UK) about their blood donation activity and motivation to donate using an online survey. We analysed donor turnout during the COVID-19 period descriptively and using logistic regression. RESULTS: Of the 7122 people that responded to the survey, 1205 (16·9%) blood donors were identified, with 33·8% donating during the first 4-5 months of the COVID-19 period. We observed that around half of donors donated less than normal. The vast majority of donors that did donate made a special effort to do so in response to COVID-19. The majority of donors were also not aware of their blood being tested for COVID-19 antibodies. Although the perceived risk of infection among all respondents whilst donating blood was relatively low, those who anticipated a high risk of infection were much less likely to donate (OR = 0·540; P-value = 0·006). Furthermore, those that were adherent to COVID guidelines were also less likely to donate (OR = 0·583; P-value = 0·000). DISCUSSION: We suggest that blood collection services consider specialist campaigns that focus on the altruistic motivation of donors during the crisis and that they continue to communicate the additional safety measures in place with the aim of reducing the fear of infection whilst donating blood.
Result # 3: cord-uid fr05s9bdTitle: 
 Convalescent blood plasma (CBP) donated by recovered COVID-19 patients – A commentAbstract: 
nan
Result # 4: cord-uid ncvyqcobTitle: 
 Convalescent blood plasma (CBP) donated by recovered COVID-19 patients - A commentAbstract: 
nan
Result # 5: cord-uid xvlvlmj0Title: 
 A trend of dropping anti-SARS-CoV-2 plaque reduction neutralization test titers over time in Canadian convalescent plasma donors.Abstract: 
BACKGROUND Convalescent plasma products are a potential passive immunotherapy for Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) disease. Various approaches have been utilized to determine the concentration of Severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus-2 (SARS-CoV-2)-neutralizing antibodies in plasma products. The Canadian Blood Services used Plaque Reduction Neutralization Test 50 (PRNT50) -generated values to qualify convalescent plasma donations supporting clinical trials in Canada. This manuscript describes changes in PRNT50 titers of repeat male plasma donations collected approximately 1-4 months after onset of COVID-19 signs and symptoms in donors. STUDY DESIGN AND METHODS Men were eligible to donate if they: met standard criteria, were < 67 years of age, reported a previous SARS-CoV-2-positive nucleic acid test, and recovered and were symptom free for at least 28 days prior to donation. Repeat donation analysis required at least one original and one repeat donation where a PRNT50 was performed. RESULTS From April 29, 2020 to July 25, 2020, 156 donors donated once, with 78 (50%) of the donated plasma having PRNT50 titers of ≥1:160. Thirty-seven (23.7%) of the donated plasma had a titer of 1:40 or 1:80 (individuals donating this plasma were asked to donate a second time only). A total of 30 donors (19.2%) had repeat donations. Of the repeat donors, 15 (50%) had at least an eightfold change from peak to trough PRNT50 titers within greater than 90 days after onset of COVID-19 symptoms. CONCLUSIONS Blood operators cannot infer that SARS-CoV-2 PRNT50 will remain high in repeat plasma donors 3-4 months after onset of COVID-19 symptoms.
