Query: How safe is air travel during the COVID-19 pandemic? 

Result # 1: cord-uid 19nxkjx7Title: 
 Probability and Estimated Risk of SARS-CoV-2 Transmission in the Air Travel System: A Systemic Review and Meta-AnalysisAbstract: 
As an emerging virus, SARS-CoV-2 and the risk of transmission during air travel is of high interest. This paper estimates the probability of an infectious index passenger in the air travel system transmitting the SARS-CoV-2 virus to a fellow passenger during air travel. Literature was reviewed from May-September 2020 to identify COVID-19 cases related to the air travel system. The studies were limited to publicly available literature for passengers starting in January 2020; studies on other persons such as flight crews were not reviewed. A novel quantitative approach was developed to estimate air travel transmission risk that considers secondary cases, the overall air travel passenger population, and two correction factors for asymptomatic transmission and underreporting. There were at least 2866 index infectious passengers documented to have passed through the air travel system in a 1.4 billion passenger population. With correction factors, the global risk of transmission during air travel is 1:1.7 million. Uncertainty in the correction factors and a 95% credible interval indicate risk ranges from 1 case for every 712,000 travelers to 1 case for every 8 million travelers. The risk of COVID-19 transmission on an aircraft is low, even with infectious persons onboard.
Result # 2: cord-uid bm8h2d6xTitle: 
 SARS-CoV-2 testing to assure safety in air travelAbstract: 
nan
Result # 3: cord-uid nuczpjdxTitle: 
 An integrated analysis of contact tracing and genomics to assess the efficacy of travel restrictions on SARS-CoV-2 introduction and transmission in England from June to September, 2020Abstract: 
Background: Mitigation of SARS-CoV-2 transmission from international travel is a priority. Travellers from countries with travel restrictions (closed travel-corridors) were required to quarantine for 14 days over Summer 2020 in England. We describe the genomic epidemiology of travel-related cases in England and evaluate the effectiveness of this travel policy. Methods: Between 27/05/2020 and 13/09/2020, probable travel-related SARS-CoV-2 cases and their contacts were identified and combined with UK SARS-CoV-2 sequencing data. The epidemiology and demographics of cases was identified, and the number of contacts per case modelled using negative binomial regression to estimate the effect of travel restriction, and any variation by age, sex and calendar date. Unique travel-related SARS-CoV-2 genomes in the COG-UK dataset were identified to estimate the effect travel restrictions on cluster size generated from these. The Polecat Clustering Tool was used to identify a travel-related SARS-CoV-2 cluster of infection. Findings: 4,207 travel-related SARS-CoV-2 cases are identified. 51.2% (2155/4207) of cases reported travel to one of three countries; 21.0% (882) Greece, 16.3% (685) Croatia and 14.0% (589) Spain. Median number of contacts per case was 3 (IQR 1-5), and greatest for the 16-20 age-group (9.0, 95% C.I.=5.6-14.5), which saw the largest attenuation by travel restriction. Travel restriction was associated with a 40% (rate ratio=0.60, 95% C.I.=0.37-0.95) lower rate of contacts. 827/4207 (19.7%) of cases had high-quality SARS-CoV-2 genomes available. Fewer genomically-linked cases were observed for index cases related to countries with travel restrictions compared to cases from non-travel restriction countries (rate ratio=0.17, 95% C.I.=0.05-0.52). A large travel-related cluster dispersed across England is identified through genomics, confirmed with contact-tracing data. Interpretation: This study demonstrates the efficacy of travel restriction policy in reducing the onward transmission of imported cases. Funding: Wellcome Trust, Biotechnology and Biological Sciences Research Council, UK Research & Innovation, National Institute of Health Research, Wellcome Sanger Institute.
Result # 4: cord-uid 2ywvvs0lTitle: 
 Afraid to travel after COVID-19? Self-protection, coping and resilience against pandemic 'travel fear 'Abstract: 
COVID-19 has generated an unprecedented level of public fear, likely impeding tourism industry recovery after the pandemic is over This study explores what trigger the public's pandemic 'travel fear' and how people impose self-protection, coping and resilience related to travel The study integrates theories including protection motivation theory, coping and resilience theories to address the research aim Using a quota sampling, an online survey of 1208 respondents across mainland China was conducted Results found that threat severity and susceptibility can cause 'travel fear', which leads to protection motivation and protective travel behaviors after the pandemic outbreak Findings also revealed that 'travel fear' can evoke different coping strategies, which increases people's psychological resilience and adoption of cautious travel behaviors Several strategies are provided on how to mitigate people's 'travel fear' and encourage travel in a post-COVID-19 world
Result # 5: cord-uid td59gsdnTitle: 
 Commercial Air Travel for Passengers With Cardiovascular Disease: Recommendations for Less Common Conditions, Considerations for Venous Thromboembolism, and General GuidanceAbstract: 
The accelerated growth of commercial flights has resulted in a huge upswing of air travelers over the last few decades, including passengers with a wide range of cardiovascular conditions. Notwithstanding the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic that has set back the aviation industry for the next 1-2 years, air travel is expected to rebound fully by 2024. Guidelines and evidence-based recommendations for safe air travel in this group vary, and physicians often encounter situations where opinions and assessments on fitness for flights are sought. This article aims to provide an updated suite of recommendations for the aeromedical disposition of passenger with uncommon cardiovascular conditions, such as congenital heart diseases, inflammatory cardiac conditions (endocarditis/pericarditis/myocarditis), pulmonary hypertension, and venous thromboembolism. In addition, the article also aims to provide practical general guidance for the aeromedical examiner in evaluating, preparing, and optimizing the cardiac status of the patient with cardiovascular ailments for air travel.
