Query: What are the interactions between innate and adaptive immune responses in COVID‐19? 

Result # 1: cord-uid wjdx8yr0Title: 
 Understanding the Host Innate Immune Responses against SARS-CoV-2 Infection and COVID-19 PathogenesisAbstract: 
The emergence of a new severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) pandemic has become a significant health concern worldwide Undoubtedly, a better understanding of the innate and adaptive immune responses against SARS-CoV-2 and its relationship with the coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pathogenesis will be the sole basis for developing and applying therapeutics This review will summarize the published results that relate to innate immune responses against infections with human coronaviruses including SARS-CoV-1 and SARS-CoV-2 in both humans and animal models The topics encompass the innate immune sensing of the virus to the dysregulation of various innate immune cells during infection and disease progression
Result # 2: cord-uid 0bc9j6f7Title: 
 Understanding the Host Innate Immune Responses against SARS-CoV-2 Infection and COVID-19 PathogenesisAbstract: 
The emergence of a new severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) pandemic has become a significant health concern worldwide. Undoubtedly, a better understanding of the innate and adaptive immune responses against SARS-CoV-2 and its relationship with the coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pathogenesis will be the sole basis for developing and applying therapeutics. This review will summarize the published results that relate to innate immune responses against infections with human coronaviruses including SARS-CoV-1 and SARS-CoV-2 in both humans and animal models. The topics encompass the innate immune sensing of the virus to the dysregulation of various innate immune cells during infection and disease progression.
Result # 3: cord-uid 9x2glydcTitle: 
 Innate and adaptive immune responses to SARS‐CoV‐2 in humans: relevance to acquired immunity and vaccine responsesAbstract: 
The factors responsible for the spectrum of coronavirus 19 (COVID‐19) disease severity and the genesis and nature of protective immunity against COVID‐19 remain elusive. Multiple studies have investigated the immune responses to COVID‐19 in various populations, including those without evidence of COVID‐19 infection. Information regarding innate and adaptive immune responses to the novel severe respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS‐CoV‐2) has evolved rapidly. Data are accumulating defining disease phenotypes that aid in rational and informed development of new therapeutic approaches for the treatment of patients infected with SARS‐CoV‐2 and the development of novel vaccines. In this paper, data on important innate immune responses are summarized, including cytokines, specifically interleukin (IL)‐6 and complement, and potential treatments are explored. Adaptive immune responses and derivative therapeutics such as monoclonal antibodies directed at spike proteins are also examined. Finally, data on real‐time assessments of adaptive immune responses are explored, which include CD4(+)/CD8(+) T cells, natural killer (NK) T cells, memory B cells and T follicular cells with specificities for COVID‐19 peptides in infected and normal individuals. Data of two novel vaccines have been released, both showing > 95% efficacy in preventing SARS‐CoV‐2 infection. Analysis of humoral and cellular responses to the vaccines will determine the robustness and durability of protection. In addition, long‐term assessment of SARS‐CoV‐2 memory B and T cell‐mediated immune responses in patients recovering from an infection or those with cross‐reactive immunological memory will help to define risk for future SARS‐CoV infections. Finally, patients recovering from SARS‐CoV‐2 infection may experience prolonged immune activation probably due to T cell exhaustion. This will be an important new frontier for study.
Result # 4: cord-uid so5vh0swTitle: 
 Innate and adaptive immune responses to SARS-CoV-2 in humans: relevance to acquired immunity and vaccine responsesAbstract: 
The factors responsible for the spectrum of coronavirus 19 (COVID-19) disease severity and the genesis and nature of protective immunity against COVID-19 remain elusive. Multiple studies have investigated the immune responses to COVID-19 in various populations, including those without evidence of COVID-19 infection. Information regarding innate and adaptive immune responses to the novel severe respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) has evolved rapidly. Data are accumulating defining disease phenotypes that aid in rational and informed development of new therapeutic approaches for the treatment of patients infected with SARS-CoV-2 and the development of novel vaccines. In this paper, data on important innate immune responses are summarized, including cytokines, specifically interleukin (IL)-6 and complement, and potential treatments are explored. Adaptive immune responses and derivative therapeutics such as monoclonal antibodies directed at spike proteins are also examined. Finally, data on real-time assessments of adaptive immune responses are explored, which include CD4+ /CD8+ T cells, natural killer (NK) T cells, memory B cells and T follicular cells with specificities for COVID-19 peptides in infected and normal individuals. Data of two novel vaccines have been released, both showing > 95% efficacy in preventing SARS-CoV-2 infection. Analysis of humoral and cellular responses to the vaccines will determine the robustness and durability of protection. In addition, long-term assessment of SARS-CoV-2 memory B and T cell-mediated immune responses in patients recovering from an infection or those with cross-reactive immunological memory will help to define risk for future SARS-CoV infections. Finally, patients recovering from SARS-CoV-2 infection may experience prolonged immune activation probably due to T cell exhaustion. This will be an important new frontier for study.
Result # 5: cord-uid gwsnc4j4Title: 
 Immune responses to SARS-CoV-2 infection in Humans and ACE2 humanized miceAbstract: 
The coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) represents a major public health threat worldwide Insight into protective and pathogenic aspects of SARS-CoV-2 immune responses is critical to work out effective therapeutics and develop vaccines for controlling the disease Here, we review the present literature describing the innate and adaptive immune responses including innate immune cells, cytokine responses, antibody responses and T cell responses against SARS-CoV-2 in human infection, as well as in AEC2-humanized mouse infection We also summarize the now known and unknown about the role of the SARS-CoV-2 immune responses By better understanding the mechanisms that drive the immune responses, we can tailor treatment strategies at specific disease stages and improve our response to this worldwide public health threat
